[13.0][ADD] purchase_order_qty_change_no_recompute: Prevent recompute if only quantity has changed in purchase order line (#1253)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_order_qty_change_no_recompute/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module prevent recompute if only quantity has changed in purchase order line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module prevents recompute if only quantity has changed in purchase order line.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module prevents to recompute if only quantity has changed in purchase order line.
```
